Ryan was a giant of the community who built hundreds of high quality and high powered blasters.
As a teenager he was probably the first person on earth to sell homemade nerf blasters, starting with over 70 plusbows.

His name was synonymous with quality in this regard.
There were plusbows, and there were McNumbers plusbows.
A plusbow was powerful, but it might leak, break, or hurt to use.  Potentially wonderful, but a gamble, like a hot dog.
A McNumbers plusbow takes tha gamble away, and adds a polish that you didn't even realize you needed.  Always amazing, like a Vienna Beef hot dog.
The seal would be perfect.  The barrel would align perfectly with the frame of the blaster.  The prime would be smooth, and all the edges broken.
Somehow all the small things added up to more than what should be possible, and potshots would become easy hits.

Along the way, he also developed a popular airtek3000 mod, and similarly set the standard for quality.

Ryan could have kept doing just those things for many more years and remained king of the nerf homemades community, especially as the discovery of hoppers dramatically multiplied the effectiveness of his plusbows.
His plusbows went from being the best blaster for long range and the best blaster overall, to being the best blaster in every respect that mattered.


Ryan didn't keep doing just those things.  Or even those things at all.  Because Ryan knew that the best possible nerf blaster would be pump action.

The firing posture of a plusbow, and all pull-action blasters, is different from the priming posture.  
You have to either take your hand off the front grip or your other hand off the handle so you have a free hand to pull the handle in back.
A pump action blaster lets you fire repeatedly without ever switching the positions of your hands, easily doubling the effective rate of fire compared to the pull-handle layout.
Ryan's pumpbow, a one-off experimental design to make the plusbow into a pump action blaster, set the community on fire.  
It wasn't the first pump action homemade by far, but the promise of Mcnumbers plusbow range and quality mixed with pump action ergonomics was clear.  
The blaster was copied by others many times, but Ryan never made another, because the blaster and in fact the design concept were flawed.  
The blaster was not comfortable to use, in particular to prime.  The front grip was very short, and the outer surface was flat, slick, polyethylene plastic sheet, and it couldn't deal with a vertical grip well due to torque issues.
The fast moving pull handle remained a potential hazard to users, and additionally there were metal bars moving back and forth near the users face.

Ryan could have done some basic revisions the the pumpbow to address these problems and wound up with the best and best-selling blaster in the community.
Instead he made something just so much better.

The rainbowpump is like an impossible mechanical puzzle made out of clear tubes.
